macOS: Wake up run loop immediately when request redraw is received (#1812)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

- On Windows, change the default window size (1024x768) to match the default on other desktop platforms (800x600).
- On Windows, fix bug causing mouse capture to not be released.
- On Windows, fix fullscreen not preserving minimized/maximized state.

> - macOS: Wake up run loop immediately when request redraw is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On macOS, wake up the run loop immediately when a redraw is requested.
```
Nit: Shouldn't this added at the top rather than at the bottom?

Author: @maroider fixed, thanks!

- Added `is_maximized` method to `Window`.
- On Windows, fix bug where clicking the decoration bar would make the cursor blink.
- On Windows, fix bug causing newly created windows to erroneously display the "wait" (spinning) cursor.

> - On macOS, wake up the run loop immediately when a redraw is requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On macOS, wake up the event loop immediately when a redraw is requested.
```

Author: @maroider Fixed, thanks.
